it is however a league under it is
Dynamo Dresden
The boys of trainers steffen citizens
had a victory last night
against the halleschen fc the
table top can conquer after
the contested 1 to 1 remains
But two can do so
dresdner and also stefan bürger very well
Life
Dynamo coach Stefan Böger was short
ate something after the game
his team is good in the first half
played in the second hearty
fought but it remained at 1 1 yet
if you have seen the game you can
also dissatisfied nationaltrainer
We definitely take the three points
can
Dynamo with the better play equipment
more fluid combinations
However, they benefit from here
a mistake of much kitsch completely free
But kleinheider in hfc tor can be
not from hall only by standards
dangerous engelhardt missed here only
barely the gate of benjamin kirsten the
next dynamo attack justin eilers
penetrates to the baseline before his input
can recycle 1 0 in the 25 minute one
deserved guidance it was the first
saisontor for matthias fit but there were
we still have the dangerous free kicks of the
hfc this one seemed to have already fended off
but a lot of falsifying the ball unhappy
from kruse is free 1 2
the fans from hall out in the
second half, the game flattened
much fight few opportunities
the largest was hellish player ago
but all he forgives how much
same place in the first half
luck for dresden
at the end of also stefan citizen could with
live one to one
We are with the way of life
totally satisfied because my good
played delivered played abroad
We have I think also wide stretch
dominates and takes the point of course
with enormous annoyed has the dynamo
Coach the yellow red card against
Michael yeasts two fouls twice yellow
place reference the yellow card is still working
a foul
I think other players have four
I have done or five fouls my
get yellow card
there is measured with two different measures there
you have to say clearly häfele is missing
so on the Saturday at the derby against the
chemnitz fc